[ Chorus]
♪ The Simpsons ♪
[ Tires Screeching ]
D'oh!
[ Screams ]
Come on! Come on!
Let's get to the beach.
[ Groans ]
Hold your horses.
I was up all night
fishing out the drawstring...
from your father's swimsuit.
It came out again.
[ Groans ]
Well, I'm all Set.
I'm gonna be following
the latest designs...
fro m Modern Sandcastle
magazine.
Well, I'm all set too.
[ Chuckles Deviously]
Then all that's left is to
protect Maggie from the sun.
♪♪ [Humming]
[ Sniffs ] I think she
needs a diaper change.
Well, it ain't
happening today.
- [ Snoring ] - Look, everybody!
Here they come.
Once again we celebrate
Springfield's most beloved event,
for each year on the third
Tuesday of May sweeps,
we witness the return
of the stinging red jellyfish.
[Crowd Gasping ]
[All Cheering]
What a sight.
It happens every year,
like the swallows
returning to Capistrano.
Or the Fox network
getting a new president.
I made a new friend.
[Stings]
[Groans]
[Whimpers ]
I'm going to Africa...
to see lions and giraffes...
and monkeys and Santa
and gorillas and-
Daddy, why is everyone so
happy the jellyfish are back?
Well, in the old days,
people thought jellyfish venom
had curative properties.
Now we know it just makes things
a whole lot worse.
Like laser eye surgery?
Exactly.
[All Laughing]
♪ Jellyfish, along you came ♪
♪ And right away I'm stung ♪
♪ Sweet words I long to whisper;
- [ Beeping ] - ♪ But you've
paralyzed my tongue ♪♪
Oh, what a magical evening.
The moonlight,
the music, the water.
Enough talk.
Dip me, my love.
[ Groans ]
Lower. Lower!
Lower!
Mmm, this is as romantic
as the night I proposed.
Maybe we can have this band
play at our wedding.
I was kind of hoping we could
use this audio cassette.
Seymour, we've got
to have a band.
Fine. But no cake.
Sarah, you're as lovely
as the day I first arrested you.
[ Chuckles ]
Oh, Clancy.
You know, I planted that
crystal meth just to meet you.
[ Chuckles ]
I was so shy.
[ Sighs ]
Well, Sea Captain,
looks like you and I
are sailing solo tonight.
Arr... you hitting on me?
'Cause I don't do that.
On land.
Well, guess I might as well
head back to my store.
I got a date with some twins-
the state and federal tax forms.
Poor Ned.
This is his first
Jellyfish Festival alone.
I know. And it doesn't
get any easier from here.
There's the Tongue
Kissing Festival,
¢¢ieL chioq,
the Hobo Oscars.
Days just made
for lovers.
Not widowers.
Lovers.
“Form of business.” [ Sighs
] Sole proprietorship.
“Owner's marital status.”
Happily married to a dead woman.
[ Bell Rings]
Excuse me.
Are you open?
Mm-hmm! Open as
a tomb on Easter.
Now what can I
ding-dong-diddily do for ya'?
[ Chuckles ] Boy, they don't
make 'em like you in I.A.
Oh, I should say not.
I gave up on I.A. when those TV
people made that poor nun fly.
All those Puerto Ricans looking
up her dress. That's not right.
[ Chuckles ] Do you have any
left-handed eyelash curlers?
Do u
No,ldon1. But I can have
'em here by Tuesday.
Well- For now
I'll take a left-handed crimper.
[ Gasps ]
Why, you are gorgeous.
[ Beeping ]
You don't know who I am,
do you?
I sure do. You're the most important person
in the world, because you're my customer.
[ Chuckles ]
Are you for real?
I'm as real as the nose
on your face.
Yeah. Real.
[Metallic Clink]
Well, it looks good.
And it sounds pretty too.
Thanks.
I'll see you later.
I'm here for a while, and I
don't really know anyone.
Would you like to have
dinner tomorrow night?
A woman asking a man out?
Well- Well, why not?
And maybe I'll eat
my steak with a spoon.
Call me. I'm staying at
the Springfield Four Seasons.
[Whispers ]
Ask for Zelda Fitzgerald.
What the-
That's a pseu-diddily-eudonym.
♪ Well, I've got a date
with a girl with no name ♪
♪ It sure feels good
to be back in the game ♪
♪ At dessert maybe
I can ask her her name ♪
♪ 'Cause I can't pray for her
without the right name ♪
♪ Buh-doo-da-doo-doo- ♪♪
[ Gasps ]
I've got a date
with a movie star?
[ Irish Accent]
Sure ya do.
And I'm goin' apple pickin'
with Scooby-Doo.
Toy, toy, toy, toy,
toy, toy, tOV-
[Snoring]
[Gulps, Coughs]
[ Snoring ]
Psst! Homer.
Flanders?
Can't a man just drink alone
on a Wednesday morning?
I need your advice. [Whispers
] It's about a lady.
Oh. [ Chuckles ] Let me guess.
Skinner's mother?
She sure knows how to swing it.
No. It's Sara Sloane.
I have a date with her tonight.
Sara Sloane?
The movie star?
Yep. Why would that Twinkie want to
go out with a Ding Dong like me?
Flanders, I mix Twinkies
and Ding Dongs all the time.
In Europe,
they call it a “Dinkie.”
Well, sir,
that's very encouraging,
but I can't date
a movie star.
I'm no Arthur Miller
or Lyle Lovett.
Now wait just a minute.
I used to worry
Marge was too good for me.
She was always
thinking of ways to improve me.
But then part of her died,
and she doesn't try anymore.
So we're all
where we want to be.
[SIurpS]
♪♪ [ Piano ]
I'm sorry for the disguise, Ned. I
just don't want to cause a commotion.
Excuse me, Miss Sloane.
May I have an autograph?
Sure.
Oh, man.
This is going right on eBay.
I mean my wall-
which I will then sell on eBay.
Sad to say,
this isn't the worst I get.
Oh, oh. Can I just push this plaster
cast onto one of your boobs?
Okay. Now you are the worst.
Rod says “Marco,” and darn it if
Todd doesn't say “Polo” right back.
[ Gasps ] Oh, listen to me just
running my gums about my kids.
You're probably bored silly.
No. It's a nice change from all
the actors I usually date.
All they want to talk about is their
Botox, their Tae Bo or their Xbox.
Huh.
Sara, there's something I've
been dying to do all night.
So let's just get it over with now and...
hold hands.
[ Chuckles ]
Mmm!
Heaven's gate! I'm gonna be tastin'
you on my mustache for a week.
Wanna try for a month?
[ Both Moaning ]
Sara Sloane has been involved
with every Tinseltown hunk...
from Affleck to Zmed.
[ Chuckles ] Yeah. She's had more
stars on her than Lisa's homework.
[Snapping Fingers]
Mmm, mmm, mmm!
Now she's dating Mr. Flanders.
That's so romantic.
Who the hell
is Mr. Flanders?
Oh. Flanders.
[ Rings ]
Y'ell0?
Yes, I'm Ned Flanders's
close personal friend.
That's right.
Hot and heavy.
They've never been happier.
Oh, yeah.
She does look pregnant.
Now, who might you be?
A tabloid?
Is that one of those
really strong mints?
Hello? Hello?
♪ Jesus is the rock
that rolls my blues away ♪
♪ Shoo-be-doo-be
Yeah, shoo-be-doo-be ♪♪
You guys are jammin'!
[ Gasps ]
Daddy, she swore.
[ Chuckles ]
You know, I grew up
in a house like this.
I didn't know there were people
like you left in the world.
[ Chuckles ] Yep. We occupy
that useless mass of land...
between Los Angeles and
New York called America.
[ Doorbell Rings ] Ned, I'm not
sure you should open the door.
Now, if someone took the time to press that
little button, this is the least I can do.
[All Shouting ] Are you
sleeping with Sara Sloane?
Is that mustache real? Do you plan
to kill Sara like your last wife?
[ Stammering ]
It's the tabloids!
Everybody run.
Hey. Come back!
Pose! Pose!
Your carpeted floor
feels good on my toes.
[ Man ] Come on. Let's
concoct more lies.
Zo0keeper's Wife,
scene 102, take one.
Action.
Kiss me, Diego.
But your husband's animals
are watching.
Where do you think
I learned to do this?
Mmm.
Whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
- This movie's turning into “SpongeB0b
NoPants.” - [ Groans ] Cut.
Sir, there's no reason Sara needs
to do this scene in the altogether.
Sam, he's got a point. Katharine
Hepburn never showed her breasts.
- There's still time.
- I want a rewrite- with no nudity.
All right. But you're gonna
have to kiss a woman.
Deal. Ned, we won.
Yep. Now all we gotta do is turn that woman into
a fella and that kiss into a game of Scrabble.
You're so sweet
to look out for me.
The public may not see me
naked, but you just might.
[ Chuckles ]
Well, that's...
very interesting, uh-
Easy, Ned. Think of the Bible.
♪♪ [ Angelic Music]
d)” [Funk]
[ Clearing Throat]
Miss Sloane, I loved you
in Sleeping with Pinocchio...
and Honey,
I Scotchgarded the Kids.
Thanks. I grew really close to the
actress who played my daughter.
I think she's in France
or something.
Oh. And, Ned, I haven't seen
you this happy in years.
Mm-hmm. I haven't felt this good
since we stole the 2000 election.
Hey, don't blame me.
I voted for the green M&M.
[Camera Shutters Clicking ]
[ Gasps ]
The paparazzi?
I thought we fooled them
with our Cher-crow.
[Cher On Speakers]
♪ Gypsies, tramps and thieves ♪
♪ We'd hear it from the people ♪♪
[ Man ] Are you aware
that your daughtefs gay?
Boy, those guys are such leeches.
Moe, what are you doing here?
Can't your old buddy Moe stop by with a list
of questions from the I/I/eek/y World News ?
Number one, Sara, is it true
you shoplifted a kayak?
I'll have you know she pays full
price for all her watercraft.
Rainier Wolf castle?
My ex-boyfriend.
Sara, I/ebchen,
take me back.
If tears could burst through
my muscular ducts,
I would cry like a baby
who was just hit by a hammer.
Rainier,
you're too jealous.
You beat up Jon Lovitz justbecause
he presented me an award.
Oh, come on. No one misses
a handshake that badly.
Sorry. I found someone nice who
doesn't talk like a freak.
Exact-a-tically-tacally.
My libido has been terminated.
Ned, I've never met
a man like you.
You're sensitive.
You're in great shape.
You have a mustache.
And yet you're not gay.
[Laughs]
Oh, no way.
I won't even eat vegetables
over two inches long.
So, anyway, uh, hmm,
your movie's
wrapping up soon.
I guess you'll be heading out on
the first bus to the airport.
If you ride with a friend,
you can save 2O bucks.
Ned, I know this is fast, but when I go back
to Hollywood, I want you to come with me.
Ned Flanders in Tinseltown?
Ned, I'm James I. Brooks.
Oh, can I call you Jim?
James I. Brooks is good.
How about some sponge cake?
- Well, I can't see the harm.
- With a brandy glaze?
[ Cackles ]
No!
Or perhaps you'd like to go
to a football game. VVell-
- We don't have a team.
- No!
[ Chuckles ]
Hey, Daddy, baby. We're
movie producers now.
And we're Jewish.
[ Both ]
Yay!
[ Screaming ]
Sara, I'm sorry, butloan1
move to Hollywood.
Heck, even Dollywood's
too far-out for me.
Too many people
appreciating it ironically.
Well, then I'm staying in
Springfield with you- for good.
[ Gasps ]
Oh, forgive my language,
but, uh,
I'm one happy camper.
Dude, what's it like kissing a movie star?
What's it like kissing a woman?
[Siren Wails]
Well, what seems to be
the problem, Officer?
The problem is
I can't seem to get an agent.
Could you give
your girlfriend my head shot?
That's me as a greaser,
emperor of China,
Eleanor Roosevelt-
very regal-
and just plain me
with an eye patch.
I'll give it to my agent.
I don't do TV!
Sure is nice to be shopping
for a woman again.
The last thing I bought
for a lady was a casket.
Sir, would you ask your sweetheart
to sign her autograph for me?
Well, of course-
Wait a minute. This is to
adopt two of your kids.
Oh, so it is.
I've already dumped
three on Mia Farrow.
Sucker.
Look. It's celebrity boy toy Ned
Flanders and his arm candy Sara Sloane.
Miss Sloane, how are you
handling the change...
from la-la land
to blah-blah land?
Lisa, Springfield isn't
a cultural wasteland.
Part of Stroke/Ace
was filmed at our airport.
And, um, oh, there's
our ladies' book club.
Sara, you're more than
welcome to come.
Oh, I'd love to.
Another scoop. “Sara Sloane to
attend girl-on-girl book club.”
[Laughs]
Oh, Moe, you lovable loser.
You just made yourself
five dollars. Hoo-hoo!
Today's book is
Bridget' Jones's Diary.
Now let's go around the room...
and analyze why
we didn't read it.
Cramps.
All my friends are dead.
Well, then, I guess
it's time for margaritas.
Well, I wish someone
had read the book,
since I did invite the author,
Helen Fielding.
Oh, never mind. As long as they all bought
the book, I'll still get the money.
Besides, most Americans can't understand the
sophisticated subtlety of British humor.
I bid you good day.
♪♪ [ “The Benny Hill Theme”]
Hop to it, honey. If we get
to the pops concert early,
we can give up our seats
to some old people.
Daddy, where do
babies come from?
Sweetie, that's not the kind
of dress you wear outdoors-
or indoors,
or- or in a dirty dream.
Oh, loosen up, honey. This dress
just creates the illusion of nudity.
Well, Siegfried and Roy
create a lot of illusions,
but I doubt their girlfriends
dress like that.
♪♪ [ “Itchy And Scratchy Theme” ]
[Crowd Murmuring]
She should be ashamed.
That's disgusting.
Don't look, Seymour.
I'm a veteran, Mother.
A veteran bed wetter.
Mother!
Sara, I hate to say it, but
your t0p's upstaging the pops.
Fine. I'll wear
your stupid jacket.
[Chomping ]
[Moaning]
[ Gasps ]
Oh!
[ Moaning ]
Uh!
[ lvloaning ]
♪♪ [Continues]
Sara, I love you,
but I-
I get the feeling you're
just not a Ned-head tonight.
Is something wrong?
[ Sighs ]
Actually, there is something.
The time we've spent together
has been wonderful, but...
I want sex with you.
Uh, well, that's a-
a-a mighty
big kettle of, uh-
[ Inhales, Exhales Deeply]
Premarital, uh, doodly.
[ Chuckles ]
I knew you'd say that.
I need a glass of wine.
Oh!
[ Moaning ]
This is quite
a dil-diddly-emma.
I better talk this over
with the big man.
Homer, Sara wants us
to have...
[Whispers ]
S-E-X.
Stupid Flanders. I'm not giving
you any of my secret moves.
Well, I'm not sure
I want to do it.
I mean, who'll buy the cow when
you get the milk for free?
You know, the cow being me.
Look, Flanders. I'm always interested
in talking about free milk,
and if there's cookies
involved, so much the better.
Hmm.
Ned, look.
I know I said I wanted this,
butldonT want you to do anything
you're uncomfortable with.
Well, I consulted my Bible and found some
verses supporting what you want to do...
and a lot of verses against it.
[ Wind Gusting]
What does that
one say, Ned?
It says a man should make restitution
if he eats his neighbor's grain.
And that's
good enough for me.
[ Both Moaning ]
Yum!
Wow. Wow. That made me completely
forget about Bob Balaban.
[ Chuckles ] That's
what Maude used to say.
A girl could
get used to that.
Well, and you will-
right after the wedding.
You want to get married?
Mm-hmm. That's right.
I'm like Baskin-Robbins.
You get one free taste,
then you gotta buy the scoop.
Ned, I love you,
but I'm not ready
to be tied down.
I love you too,
and I always will,
but unlike the Bible, I guess this
isn't gonna have a happy ending.
I'm sorry.
[ Footsteps Approaching ]
Oh, darn the luck.
That sounds like
the Lupus Fun Run.
[ Man]
Oh, boy.
Ha-ha!
Fight lupus.
Screen siren Sara Sloane
shocked Tinseltown last night...
with a midnight marriage to Gosiord
Park mega-hunk Bob Balaban.
[ Gasps ] Th/S was fol/o Wed three
hours later b y a quick/e divorce.
[ Sighs ] I bet we would
have lasted twice that long.
Poor Ned.
Gardening away his misery.
His answefls not at the
bottom of a hedge.
Hey, Hollywood. Call me.
My number's on the bench.
[ Crow Squawks ]
You know,
it's the darnedest thing.
Women love you when you've
dated a movie star.
I'm very happy
for you, Ned.
Me too.
♪♪ [ “The Benny Hill Theme”]
Uh-oh.
Here comes Helen Fielding.
♪♪ [ Continues]
[ Man]
♪ Jellyfish ♪
♪ I held you close ♪
♪ And told you I love you ♪
♪ But then the ocean
took you back ♪
♪ And now I just hold goo ♪
♪ Jellyfish
I held you close ♪
♪ And said that I love you ♪
♪ But then the ocean
took you back ♪
♪ My jelly, I'll miss you ♪
♪ For now;
♪ I just;
♪ Hold g0O ♪♪
Shh! [Murmuring]
English - US - PSDH